i head to a real estate sales office with my fiancée to purchase a marital home, where we meet a two-faced realtor. he starts off by complimenting my fiancée for everything she's achieved at her young age, especially since she can afford to drive a rolls-royce. then, he hints that i'm wearing a fake watch and pretending to be rich so that i can live off her money and get a house without paying a cent. when he learns that we're buying our marital home, he raises his voice and says to me, i think the sugar mommy who bought you two houses the last time was pretty nice. oh, wait—i forgot that you have more than one sugar mommy, mr. bellway. do they know of one another's existences? i smile. my so-called sugar mommy is my actual godmother, but there's no denying that she's rich. unfortunately for this realtor, my fiancée is nothing but a poor student whom i sponsored back in the day!. my marriage to christina wellington was basically set after i brought her home to meet with my grandpa, george bellway. after the dinner, she drove me in the rolls-royce—a gift from grandpa—to a new apartment complex nearby. we were looking to purchase our newlywed home. when we arrived at the sales gallery, i held the car door open for christina like a gentleman then, i walked behind, holding all her stuff for her. christina had confided in me before, saying she was insecure. that was why i gave her all my love. the realtor hurried over when he saw us, only to treat me like i was invisible. when we brushed shoulders, he said snidely, the guy who holds her bag… can you please stay away from us? i checked his name tag. it read luxury apartment realtor: shane moss. shane put on a look of contempt when i studied him. he mocked me under his breath, some people really think they're rich when they put on a fake watch. you're just a minion who holds ms. wellington's bag. ugh, i'm speechless. i inhaled sharply. before i could retort, shane bumped into my shoulder again and left. when i collected myself, i realized that the arrogant shane was now standing before christina with a gentle smile. he was trying to cozy up to her. shane enthusiastically introduced the apartment to christina, all while trying to inch closer to her. i immediately understood what was happening when i looked at her. i had spent the night before shopping for luxury clothes and accessories for christina just so she could leave a good first impression on grandpa, who had just returned to the country a few days ago. it was understandable that service professionals like shane would judge their customers based on their outfits of course shane would want to cozy up to christina, who was dressed in a luxury outfit paired with an eye-catching diamond necklace. after all, the huge commission for every unit he sold in this apartment—built on the most valuable land in the city—was enough to sustain him for a few years. upon seeing me, christina immediately took a few steps backward to put a distance between herself and shane. she tenderly called to me, zachary, come over now. shane turned and shot me an uneasy look. oh, mr. zachary bellway? i didn't know you were with ms. wellington. i'm really sorry. i mistook you as her staff because you were wearing that fake luxury watch. well, you know, we've had many 'millionaires' decked in fake luxury brands coming in for apartment viewing. that's why i—you're not mad at me, are you? he just called my watch, a gift from christina, a knockoff. only christina would know whether or not i was faking my wealth. looking awkward, christina immediately changed the topic. zachary, i like the area. the apartment is near your family home too. shall we take a look? i refused to acknowledge shane after how badly he treated me earlier. walking past him, i went up and stood beside christina. there's only so much you can glean from an introduction. let's check out the show unit for now. she held my arm softly. of course
